SOURCE_JOB_ID
4401277529
TITLE
Head of BU Test Systems China
EMPLOYER
ZF 集团
PUBLICATION
3 个月前
LOCATION
上海市
CONTENT
Head of BU Test Systems China
ZF 集团  上海市
3 个月前   成为前 25 位申请者


查看ZF 集团为该职位招聘的员工

 已停止接受求职申请

直接发消息给ZF 集团的职位发布者

Constance Jing Wu
Constance Jing Wu
Talent Aquisition Partner @ ZF Group | R&D and Sales & Operation Recruitment
Job description:

About The Team

We are looking for a new colleague to act as the head of the China Market for Business Unit Test Systems, in charge of a team consisting of four functions: Sales, Project Management, Service, and R&D, at our Songjiang, Shanghai location.

What you can look forward to as the Head of BU Test Systems China:
Responsible for managing the day-to-day operations of the business unit, leading the organization of ZF Test Systems China at locations in line with the global Business Unit IT Strategy and processes
Focuses on Outside Sales/Commercial Management, Customer Relationship Management, Business Development, Customer Service, Engineering Change Management, Business Planning/Scheduling, and Inside Sales
Ensures the successful installation/commissioning of test equipment at customer locations (internal and external)
Develop and maintain a local engineering and assembly team to develop and design local engineered testbeds, including an assembly area
Promotes continuous improvement in the operations through the life cycle of all test systems.


Profile description:

Your profile as the Head of BU Test Systems China:
Experience in managing an organization covering the full product life cycle and taking on P&L responsibility similar to a CEO of a small to medium-sized company
Experience in managing and developing an organizational structure to meet 24/7 customer support (as the test machines are embedded in production sites), as well as Business development
Experience in the local assembly of testing machines. Shall be connected in the testing industry for powertrain testing in R&D, EOL (transmission, batteries, E-Motors, ICE Engines, chassis components, etc.)
Managing a team of approximately 50 full-time employees located in different cities in China
Bachelor's degree or above educational background. Engineering expertise, ideally in electromechanical design
R&D Experience for mechatronic systems and the capability to lead an R&D Team for the localization of products and customer-specific designs are preferred


We offer:

Why you should choose ZF in China?
Individual Growth: At ZF, you accelerate your career by working together across borders and cultures. Take advantage of global development opportunities, support and a flexible working environment.
Experience Variety: Join ZF to shape future mobility and sustainable systems. Drive smart solutions and contribute to safer, cleaner, affordable mobility for all.
Find Inspiration: Develop yourself in a team-oriented and supportive environment at ZF. Take on international challenges, be inspired by your colleagues and shape the future with us.




constance.wu@zf.com

Show more
