SOURCE_JOB_ID
4444050640
TITLE
Investment VP
EMPLOYER
美敦力
PUBLICATION
1 周前
LOCATION
上海市
CONTENT
Investment VP
美敦力  上海市
1 周前   成为前 25 位申请者


查看美敦力为该职位招聘的员工

申请
保存
Careers that change lives start here. Medtronic is a global leader in healthcare technology with a Mission to alleviate pain, restore health, and extend life. Our 95,000 employees work across more than 150 countries to put patients first — developing innovative medical technologies that improve the lives of 72+ million patients each year. Your unique talents will help shape the future of healthcare while building a career grounded in purpose, growth, and impact.

A Day in the Life

Job Scope:


Lead and execute end-to-end investment process for preferably one or multiple designated portfolio (e.g. CV / NS / MS), covering the full lifecycle from deal sourcing / screening, diligence, negotiation, to closing, portfolio management and exit
Lead deal evaluation including but not limited to business / strategic value, competitive landscape, clinical and legal considerations, financial modeling, deal structure design, etc.
Help drive business collaborations related to venture deals in alignment with corporate strategy in collaboration with global and local stakeholders Independently manage deals, including deal execution, IC (investment committee) presentation, and follow-through
Act as a key point of contact and collaborate closely with global stakeholders



Success Metrics:


Deliver high-quality investment outcomes through disciplined deal sourcing, evaluation, and execution.
Drive strategic impact by leveraging investments as key enablers of enterprise innovation, with outcomes scalable across markets.
Create value for Medtronic and opportunities for future acquisitions.
Enable global–local integration by bridging stakeholders and informing global strategy with China insights.



Requirements(must have):


10+ years of relevant investment experience
Strong expertise in certain core domain (e.g. Cardiovascular / Neuroscience / Medical Surgical)
Consistent strong performance track record in current role
High learning agility, to thrive in new, and cross-cultural environments
Ability to influence in a matrix organization
Strong ownership and execution drive, to operate independently in complex settings
Clear motivation for international exposure and stretch assignment



Experience Needed:


Strong deal experience, including hands-on experience managing the full investment lifecycle
Experience related to corporate development and / or venture preferred



Preferred traits/profiles (nice-to-have):


MBA/EMBA degree
Relevant clinical, science and engineering backgrounds



Physical Job Requirements

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this position, but they are not an exhaustive list of all the required responsibilities and skills of this position.

‌

Recruitment Fraud Alert

We are aware of phishing scams targeting job seekers. Please keep the following in mind:

Apply only through official Medtronic channels. All legitimate Medtronic recruiting communications come from approved Medtronic platforms and official @medtronic.com email addresses.

Medtronic will never ask for payment or sensitive personal information (such as bank account or Social Security details) during early stages of the hiring process. Any such requests are not legitimate.

If you receive a suspicious message claiming to be from Medtronic, do not respond, click links, or open attachments.

If you have any questions, concerns regarding the authenticity of a communication alleged to have been made by or on behalf of Medtronic, please contact us immediately at AskHR@medtronic.com.

‌

Benefits & Compensation

Medtronic offers a competitive Salary and flexible Benefits Package

A commitment to our employees lives at the core of our values. We recognize their contributions. They share in the success they help to create. We offer a wide range of benefits, resources, and competitive compensation plans designed to support you at every career and life stage.
Show more
