SOURCE_JOB_ID
4422237422
TITLE
Head of Sales Electronics China
EMPLOYER
海拉
PUBLICATION
1 个月前
LOCATION
上海市
CONTENT
Head of Sales Electronics China
海拉  上海市
1 个月前   成为前 25 位申请者


查看海拉为该职位招聘的员工

 已停止接受求职申请
Location Shanghai, China

FORVIA HELLA is a listed, international automotive supplier. Coming together with Faurecia in the FORVIA Group, we build the world's seventh largest supplier of automotive technologies. As a global market leader in high-growth areas, FORVIA employs 157,000 people worldwide. FORVIA HELLA therein stands for high-performance lighting technology and automotive electronics. At the same time, we cover a broad service and product portfolio for the spare parts and workshop business as well as for manufacturers of special vehicles with our Business Group Lifecycle Solutions. With around 37,500 employees at over 125 locations, the Company is active worldwide and generated adjusted sales of € 8.1 billion on a preliminary basis in the fiscal year 2023.

YOUR TASKS


A. Sales & Business Strategy
Market Expansion
Develop and execute regional market strategy especially driving China for China Customer Strategy to meet / exceed revenue and acquisition targets
Spearhead business development with local NEV players (e.g., OEMs, EV startups), leveraging proven track records and industry networks.
Drive adoption of innovative solutions to expand HELLA’s technology footprint in the NEV sector. Design full lifecycle management strategies for customer, ensuring cross-functional alignment from early technical engagement to mass production.
Business Transformation & Growth
Propose product portfolio optimization and business model innovations aligned with industry shifts.
Winning new customers to achieve optimum market share for HELLA products
Lead annual price negotiations and framework agreements, balancing customer demands with target contribution margins.
Develop NEV-specific market intelligence systems to support capacity planning and strategic decision-making.
Customer & Competition Management
Align HELLA’s technology roadmap with customers’ long-term strategies to secure embedded partnerships and to gain market share; in order to position Hella's scope of delivery in the best possible way for customers' strategically important products.
Monitor competitor activities in the NEV space and implement differentiated tactics (e.g. rapid-response mechanisms).
Establishing and maintaining long-term business relationships with customers in order to achieve a high level of customer satisfaction/demand and to gain market share as well as implementing the respective strategy of the company
Sales Operation:
Lead Order to Cash tracking: involves managing the entire sales process from order to payment collection, ensuring accurate order fulfillment, timely invoicing and efficient revenue recognition.
Ensure trouble-free customer supply to avoid production disruptions and shutdowns in any case within the framework of the centrally implemented disposition responsibility.
Ensure CRM systems utilize accurate reporting and data driven decisions
Oversee sales forecasting, budgeting and pipeline management
B. Leadership & Organizational Development
Team Capability Building
Drive agile team transformation through right organizational set up, target cascading, performance evaluation etc.
Design upskilling programs for upgrading competencies (technical knowledge, strategic negotiation, market analysis) to deliver high performance.
Cross-functional Collaboration
Coordinate product center, supply chain, and operations to accelerate problem solving process;
Change Management
Champion innovation culture, pilot new business models, and scale successful practices.
Establish robust communication channels to align resources and mitigate risks during strategic transitions.



Your Qualifications


Experience: Minimum 10 years of experience in sales in the automotive industry, with at least 3- 5 years in a senior management/strategic level role with demonstrated ability to develop and execute successful sales strategies
Strong network in automotive industry, especially with Senior management from Top OEMs
In-depth knowledge of the automotive market, including trends, competitors, and customer preferences
Competencies:
Ambitious: Drives impactful initiatives and is eager to exceed goals while contributing to the organization’s long-term success.
Demonstrated resilience and a positive approach to problem-solving.
Result Driven, Perseverance, Assertiveness
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills. Experience in coaching and developing team talent to maximize individual and collective performance
Language: Fluent in English and Mandarin



Even if you do not meet all our requirements, do not hesitate to apply to us, because the further development of our employees is very important to us and opens up a wide range of opportunities for you in our company.

FORVIA HELLA stands for the variety of all employees. Inclusion and diversity are firmly anchored in our company culture. We are continuously looking for new team players and welcome applications from all interested parties, regardless of their ethical and social background, age, religion, gender, disability, sexual orientation or identity.

Please send us your application via our career portal, stating your salary requirements and earliest possible starting date, with the reference number req16261.

HELLA Corporate Center China

MONICA Ji

monica.ji@forvia.com
Show more
