SOURCE_JOB_ID
4407205031
TITLE
Director, Government Relations China
EMPLOYER
江森自控
PUBLICATION
3 周前
LOCATION
上海市
CONTENT
Director, Government Relations China
江森自控  上海市
3 周前  83 位申请者


查看江森自控为该职位招聘的员工

What You Will Do

Johnson Controls is hiring a Director of Government Relations, to provide dynamic and effective leadership of the company’s public policy and advocacy efforts throughout China. Reporting to the Vice President & Chief Sustainability and External Relations Officer, and Government Relations Director, and part of a collaborative, diverse, global team, this person will assist in the development and execution of policy campaigns, projects, and initiatives critical to the company’s success on issues including energy, environment, government contracting, government subsidies and technology development.

How You Will Do It


Ensure the establishment, development, and maintenance of effective working relationships with central, provincial and municipal government officials and government agencies.
Lead the development and execution of policy and regulatory strategies, orchestrate advocacy campaigns, and monitor progress.
Develop strong knowledge of Johnson Controls’ businesses to collaboratively and effectively identify, develop, and advocate company positions and interests.
Be entrepreneurial in identifying and pursuing legislative and regulatory opportunities that benefit the company.
Build lasting partnerships with expected and unlikely allies to bring fresh dimension and depth to issues and opportunities.
Lead and manage relationships with business associations, trade organizations, and other industry stakeholders engaged to assist Johnson Controls in advancing its agenda.
Co-ensure compliance with applicable rules, regulations, and disclosures relating to political engagement.


What We Look For


A bachelor's degree is minimum, and a master’s degree is preferred.
Minimum of 10 years of experience.
Successful track record of policy development and advocacy at a corporation or trade association.
Ability to manage numerous and varied priority issues at the same time.
A self-starter who is energized by the challenge and opportunity to be an originator, creator, and driver of impactful legislative and regulatory policies.
Building code proposals and adoptions experience a plus.
Significant experience presenting and interacting with C-suite and Board level leaders.
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to represent the company with external constituents.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including comfort interacting with senior company management.
Strong knowledge navigating connections with government and regulatory processes.
Experience using Microsoft Office Suite.
Show more
职位级别
中高级
职位性质
全职
职能类别
其他
所属行业
工业机械制造业
