SOURCE_JOB_ID
4431731114
TITLE
Global Head of Operations – Motion Drive Products Division (Location: Asia, US, Europe)
EMPLOYER
阿西布朗勃法瑞公司（ABB）
PUBLICATION
1 个月前
LOCATION
北京市
CONTENT
Global Head of Operations – Motion Drive Products Division (Location: Asia, US, Europe)
阿西布朗勃法瑞公司（ABB）  北京市
1 个月前   成为前 25 位申请者


查看阿西布朗勃法瑞公司（ABB）为该职位招聘的员工

 已停止接受求职申请
在 ABB，我们致力于帮助各行业以更精简、更清洁的方式运营，而这离不开这里的每一个人。您将有能力领导众人、收获成长助力，并为我们共同创造的影响而感到自豪。加入我们，共同驱动世界运转的力量。

该职位隶属于

Division President, Motion

__

ABB Drive Products serves the industries and infrastructure segments with world-class drives and programmable logic controllers (PLC). With its products, global scale and local presence, the Division helps customers to improve energy efficiency, productivity and safety.

Our culture and benefits reflect our values: courage, care, curiosity and collaboration. The most appreciated benefits according to our personnel are at the moment e.g. an annual performance bonus, employee share acquisition program, continuous learning opportunities, and wellbeing and family benefits.

In this role, you will lead the Operations function for ABB’s Drive Products division in line with the division’s operating model. You will be accountable for the full value chain—from planning and procurement to production and logistics—while ensuring excellence in health, safety, and environment (HSE), as well as continuous development of processes and systems.

As Global Operations Manager, you will define the strategic direction and set operational targets for the function, working closely with local teams to drive alignment and execution.

You will also lead the global footprint strategy, supporting local units in its implementation, including involvement in mergers and acquisitions (M&A) and divestment projects to ensure sustainable growth and operational efficiency.

Location

This role is open globally, with preferred locations in Drive Products main locations in Finland, China, India, USA. The work model is hybrid.

Key Responsibilities


Define and execute the global Operations strategy in alignment with Division objectives, ensuring strong collaboration across local units
Lead and continuously optimize the end-to-end value chain, from supplier to customer and from order to delivery, delivering excellence in safety, quality, delivery, inventory, productivity, and customer satisfaction.
Drive operational excellence and resilience through continuous improvement, process standardization, governance, and compliance across strategic programs and initiatives
Shape and advance the manufacturing and digital technology roadmap for Operations, partnering with R&D to enable Design for Excellence (DfX) and long-term competitiveness
Lead global footprint strategy and support local units in execution, including mergers, acquisitions (M&A), and divestment projects
Oversee capital investment planning (CapEx) and operational budgets to ensure sustainable growth, resilience, and value creation across the global operations network


Qualifications


M.Sc. degree in a relevant field
Minimum 5 years of leadership experience in operations within a global industrial or technology environment
Proven experience across manufacturing, engineering, supply chain, and customer-facing operations
Strong track record of cross-functional collaboration and delivering results through teamwork
Strategic mindset with the ability to translate vision into actionable plans
Dynamic leadership style with excellent stakeholder engagement skills
Fluent written and spoken English


What’s in it for you?

We empower you to take initiative, challenge ideas, and lead with confidence. You’ll grow through meaningful work, continuous learning, and support that’s tailored to your goals. Every idea you share and every action you take contributes to something bigger.

Call to action

Join us. Be part of the team where progress happens, industries transform, and your work shapes the world. Run What Runs the World.

#ABBCareers

#RunwithABB

#Runwhatrunstheworld

We value people from different backgrounds. Could this be your story? Apply today or visit careers.abb to read more about us and learn about the impact of our solutions across the globe.

建设一个更清洁、更智能的未来，需要各种各样的头脑：好奇心、勇气和创造力。正因如此，我们欢迎背景和经验各异的人才。

准备好创造影响了吗？

立即提出申请或访问 https://www.abb.com 以详细了解我们的解决方案在全球创造的影响。


Show more
